c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.DAL.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Model.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Repository.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Services.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\AddressBrokerDotNetClient.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.DAL.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Model.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Repository.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Services.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
