c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\obj\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.dll.config
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Model.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Services.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\AddressBrokerDotNetClient.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.DAL.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Repository.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Model.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Services.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.DAL.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.Repository.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\obj\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\obj\Debug\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API.pdb
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jbabineau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker\Homesite.Services.AddressBroker.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
